HPKE configuration compliance suite (#247)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

### HPKE Configuration Request {#hpke-config}

Before the client can upload its report to the leader, it must know the HPKE

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: Hmm, this doesn't seem to add anything new beyond "In the absence of an application profile standard specifying otherwise,..." What am I missing?

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Reviewer: My worry is that the current text says that the only option is X25519. Here we just point to {{compliance}}, which says:

> In the absence of an application profile standard specifying otherwise,
> a compliant DAP application MUST implement the following ciphersuite:

So if I'm interested in implementing DAP, my choice is to either use X25519 or get the WG to adopt an alternative "application profile standard".

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Reviewer: This might make sense in the end game, but at this early stage, I think this adds an unnecessary burden to implementors.

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: Ah, I understand the disconnect now. An application profile is not something a WG has to adopt! On the contrary, it's just something a specific deployment of PPM can pick and then use as needed.

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Reviewer: Ohh I see. Perhaps adding some non-jargony language would help.

> configuration of each aggregator. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: Maybe we could say "application or deployment specific profile"?

### HPKE Configuration Request {#hpke-config}

Before the client can upload its report to the leader, it must know the HPKE
configuration of each aggregator. Each task ID corresponds to exactly one HPKE

> configuration. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: Well, I don't know why one would do that, but it's a fair point. Let's just drop this bit.

> configuration. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Reviewer 2: I don't think removing the text helps here, as it's implicit in the protocol. Isn't the fix here for the server to provide a list of HpkeConfigs?

> configuration. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: They could do that, or just change what config they send out on a per-request basis. In any case, this is a separate issue, so let's address it in a separate PR.

> configuration. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Reviewer 2: Won't that require the client to indicate its capabilities then?

Anyway, I agree it's a separate PR. https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/ppm-specification/issues/248

> configuration. See {{compliance}} for information on HPKE configuration algorithms.

Author: Yeah, that's true, it would need to do that.

This is due to the requirement that the batch interval respect the boundaries
defined by the DAP parameters. (See {{batch-parameter-validation}}.)

> # Compliance Requirements {#compliance}

Reviewer: This make it sound like we only intend to support one suite. It may be worth adding a note here that we will consider adding new MTI suites as needed.

> In the absence of an application profile standard specifying otherwise,

Author: ```suggestion
In the absence of an application or deployment-specific profile specifying otherwise,
```

Reviewer: Much better.
